Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-pivotgrid-bind-to-an-olap-cube-with-the-adomdnet-data-provider: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E3705)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Pivot Grid for WinForms - Bind to an OLAP Cube with the ADOMD.NET Data Provider

> This example demonstrates how to specify connection settings to the Adventure Works cube on the OLAP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to add connection settings to the Adventure Works cube on the OLAP server.

```

![Pivot Grid](images/pivotgrid.png)

To bind the Pivot Grid control to an OLAP cube, follow the steps below.

1. Set the [PivotGridControl.OLAPDataProvider](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.OLAPDataProvider) property to ADOMD.
2. Specify connection settings in the [PivotGridControl.OLAPConnectionString](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.OLAPConnectionString) property. The following connection string is used in this example:
    ```
    OLAPConnectionString = "Data Source=http://demos.devexpress.com/Services/OLAP/msmdpump.dll;" +
                           "Initial Catalog=Adventure Works DW Standard Edition;Cube Name=Adventure Works;"
    ``` 

>     Note that a valid connection string should provide the following parameters: Provider, Data Source, Initial Catalog, Cube Name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that a valid connection string should include the following parameters: Provider, Data Source, Initial Catalog, and Cube Name.

```
